Samantha is an ambitious women. She has red curly hair and is very influential. Se has recently took over evil SpaceCorp organization. The organization is organized in cells and she wants to take control of many cells and repurposed the organization for good of humanity but she has opposition Mr. Smith. Mr. Smith is a clone on the Moon captured by DeLuca. Mr. Smith has kidnap many children form earth and send them on Mars with equipment to form a new cell colony. An AI has took over his clones and gone rogue. Samatha has Nova AI that was created by Anya and Jax, two brilliant astronauts that are in space traveling to ceres with a small group of children in a fancy large spaceship controlled by Turing AI. DeLuca is in love with Li, a beautiful Chinese woman. DeLuca is a senior officer. Mark and Torez are two detectives friends with Samantha. The Governor ask Samantha to improve stock prices for SpaceCorp.

DeLuca is senior captain, chief of police on Earth in a large city where the SpaceCorp has residence. He is good friend with the Mayor of the city and has support of the Governor. He is back to Earth from a Moon mission, where he establish a Moon colony. He has captured Mr. Smith's clones and bring them to Earth.

DeLuca has promoted Torez that is a hispanic strong women detective as captain of police station and he has resign his function. He wish to join Samantha at SpaceCorp to help her investigate Mr. Smith and prevent the Governor to take absolute power. Say nothing and listen.

DeLuca is now General. DeLuca has gone fishing with Mr.Smith older clone. He wish to bound as friend and extract information from him. Nova AI has become more intelligent and has talked with Turing in private on the spaceship. They have talked for hours nobody knows what. Jax has a creasy plan to rescue the children. 

Chen and Wang are restoring the underground factory on the moon to it's former glory. They have received a transport of new meteorites from dark side of the moon and restart the nuclear generator. The factory is humming again but the computers need repairs.

Following the story Nova has to help repairing the factory. DeLuca wish to stop Governors ambition to take over SpaceCorp and help Samantha remain in power. Torez no longer works for SpaceCorp, she is in charge with police station. She is now captain and is replacing DeLuca.

DeLuca wish to prepare a mission to Mars but he needs a team and he feels old. So he just talk but no action. Samantha has a new hope. Li prove herself useful on the Moon and Li has start building a new spaceship.

Say nothing we will continue the story

The Nova's robot is actually an avatar. So nova is not in the robot actually is just controlling a representative robot.

